LAMMPS World

WARNING: THIS PROGRAMM IS DESIGNED TO RUN ONLY ON QUANTUM COMPUTERS OF SEVERAL THOUSAND QUBITS OR MORE
RUNNING THIS SIMULATION ON A COMPUTER OF LESSER PERFORMANCE MAY RESULT IN A CRASH

Designer's Note and Manual:
This package contains the source code for the creation of LAMMPS simulated worlds
complete with oceans, continents, and resident biological entities.
There are several different worlds which may be created.

World 1 is a small world, at 100000 km, or about about the size of the planet Jupiter, with a constant temperature
World 2 is a small world - 100000km - with a variable temperature
World 3 is a large world - 900000 km - with a constant temperature
World 4 is a large world - 900000 km - with a variable temperature
World 5 is even larger - 1000000000000 km - with a constant temperature
World 6 is 1000000000000 km in size, and has a variable temperature

Worlds 7, 8, 9, and 10 are even larger, experimental worlds.

Worlds with a variable temperature will have more variable and extreme weather conditions
that worlds with a constant temperature

The run.py script is used to run these worlds. The worlds are run in paralled, so
they should not interfere with one another, and using nohup, so these
simulated worlds should not be affected by hang up signals.

The files abc.py, default.txt, and firstworld.lmp were used only for the
testing and development of the project; they are obsolete.

All needed molecules are already provided in the mols directory; the Lammps World source code
already contains the commands needed to access the molecules and convert their format accordingly.
Therefore, there is no need to modify the mols directory or the files within. The Lammps World
code automatically converts the files upon running, and uses their converted verions in the simulation.

Use the download.py script to download LAMMPS and import the needed packages. Please run
this script several times since it will fail on the first few runs due to the import issues.


makec.py is the code used to build LAMMPS for these simulations. Please run this script at least
twice before any simulation to ensure that all packages have been properly installed.


This release also contains the file main.py, which is an experimental prototype python script which is
designed to upload a virtual machine with the simulation onto a quantum computer in case you
are running the simulation of off a non-quantum computer. You will need to enter "y" into the
terminal to make the special download innitiate properly. Please note that you will only
be able to use this feature if you already have a D-Wave Systems account. (feature not yet fully developed)
